Add a `--post-build` argument (#190)
sphinx-doc/sphinx-autobuild: README.rst

   sphinx-autobuild --port=0 --open-browser pikachu/docs pikachu/docs/_build/html &
   sphinx-autobuild --port=0 --open-browser magikarp/docs magickarp/docs/_build/html &

Notifications for build cycles
------------------------------

> When running sphinx-autobuild as a daemon, users may need to be notified when
> the build starts and ends (require libnotify and a notification server).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example of using the ``--pre-build`` and ``--post-build`` arguments,
the command below uses `notify-send` to send a notification when a build
starts and finishes.
```
